feat(store): emit additional methods that take a keyTuple array in codegen (#1884)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/fluffy-trees-repeat.md

---
"@latticexyz/store": minor
---

> - Expanded the result of tablegen:
> - - In addition to each method that takes keys as arguments, emit an additional method that takes `bytes32[] memory keyTuple` as a single argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expanded tablegen to generate a table method that takes `bytes32[] memory keyTuple` as a single argument (in addition to methods with named keys).
```
